Restructure Forma 36 skill into granular guidelines format (#3385)
contentful/forma-36: skills/guidelines/components/buttons.md

# Buttons

## Button

Four variants with clear hierarchy:

| Variant | Color | Use | Limit |
|---|---|---|---|

> | `primary` | Blue | The single most important action | **One per screen section** |

Reviewer: should we assoicate them with the color token? or is the general "blue" description better?

| `secondary` | Gray outline | Supporting actions | Default choice |
| `positive` | Green | Constructive: create, publish, add | |
| `negative` | Red | Destructive: delete, remove, archive | |
| `transparent` | None | Lowest priority; light backgrounds only | |

**Sizes:** `small` (toolbars), `medium` (default), `large` (rare, hero CTAs only)

```tsx
<Button variant="primary" startIcon={<PlusIcon />}>Add field</Button>
<Button variant="secondary">Export</Button>
<Button variant="positive">Publish</Button>
<Button variant="negative">Delete entry</Button>
```

> | Prop | Type | Notes |

Reviewer: some props are missing e.g. `isActive`

|---|---|---|
| `variant` | `'primary'` `'secondary'` `'positive'` `'negative'` `'transparent'` | |
| `size` | `'small'` `'medium'` `'large'` | |
| `startIcon` / `endIcon` | ReactNode | Icon element |
| `isDisabled` | boolean | |
| `isLoading` | boolean | Shows spinner — never disable + add spinner manually |
| `isFullWidth` | boolean | |
| `as` | ElementType | Use `as="a"` with `href` for navigation buttons |

**Writing rules:**
- Always start with a verb: "Add field", "Delete entry", "Publish"
- Max 3 words
- Sentence case

> - Cancel for destructive actions: **"Never mind"** — not "Cancel"

Reviewer: In forma36 texts should not be part of any of the component and all content and copy should come from outside and be translateable. So I think we should not have it in this skill

## IconButton

Icon-only button with built-in tooltip from `aria-label`.

```tsx
<IconButton icon={<MoreHorizontalIcon />} variant="secondary" aria-label="More actions" />
```

| Prop | Type | Notes |
|---|---|---|
| `icon` | ReactNode | Required |
| `variant` | Same as Button | |
| `aria-label` | string | Required — doubles as tooltip |
| `size` | Same as Button | |

Do not use IconButton for navigation.

## TextLink

> For navigation and low-priority actions. Never use Button for navigation.

Reviewer: Never use Button for navigation could be misleading as we can render the Button as an `a` tag which would allow to use the Button for navigation. 

This is also in contradiction of how we describe the Button earlier in the document.

Sometimes interactive Buttons e.g. "Edit" action has to be a link, because it leads the user to the edit-route

```tsx
<TextLink href="/settings">Settings</TextLink>
<TextLink as="button" onClick={handleClear}>Clear filters</TextLink>
```

| Prop | Type | Notes |
|---|---|---|

> | `as` | `'a'` (default) or `'button'` | `a` = navigation, `button` = action |

Reviewer: the note should be formatted less like a variable assignment. 
```suggestion
| `as` | `'a'` (default) or `'button'` | `a` should be used for navigation between routes, `button` reserved only for interaction |
```
